Add tutorial and API docs for HTTP crawler log submission (#18332)
DataDog/integrations-core: docs/developer/tutorials/logs/http-crawler.md

The rest of the tutorial we will spend in the `acme` folder.
```
cd acme
```

In order to spin up the integration in our scaffolding, if we add the following to `tests/conftest.py`:

```python
@pytest.fixture(scope='session')
def dd_environment():
    yield {'tags': ['tutorial:acme']}
```

Then run:
```
ddev env start acme py3.11 --dev
```

## Define an Agent Check

We start by registering an implementation for our integration.
At first it is empty, we will expand on it step by step.

Open `datadog_checks/acme/check.py` in our editor and put the following there:

```python
from datadog_checks.base.checks.logs.crawler.base import LogCrawlerCheck

class AcmeCheck(LogCrawlerCheck):
    __NAMESPACE__ = 'acme'
```

Now we'll run something we will refer to as *the check command*:
```
ddev env agent acme py3.11 check
```

We'll see the following error:
```
Can't instantiate abstract class AcmeCheck with abstract method get_log_streams
```

We need to define the `get_log_streams` method.
As [stated in the docs](../../base/logs-crawlers.md#datadog_checks.base.checks.logs.crawler.base.LogCrawlerCheck.get_log_streams), it must return an iterator over `LogStream` subclasses.

> That's what the next section is about.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The next section describes this further.
```

## Define a Stream of Logs

> In the same file let's add a `LogStream` subclass and return it (wrapped in a list) from `AcmeCheck.get_log_streams`:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In the same file, add a `LogStream` subclass and return it (wrapped in a list) from `AcmeCheck.get_log_streams`:
```

class AcmeLogStream(LogStream):
    """Stream of Logs from ACME"""

    def records(self, cursor=None):
        return [
            LogRecord(
                data={'message': 'This is a log from ACME.', 'level': 'info'},
                cursor={'timestamp': get_timestamp()},
            )
        ]
```

There are several things going on here.
`AcmeLogStream.records` returns an iterator over `LogRecord` objects.
For simplicity here we return a list with just one record.
After we understand what each `LogRecord` looks like we can discuss how to generate multiple records.

### What is a Log Record?

The `LogRecord` class has 2 fields.
In `data` we put any data in here that we want to submit as a log to Datadog.
In `cursor` we store a unique identifier for this specific `LogRecord`.

We use the `cursor` field to checkpoint our progress as we scrape the external API.
In other words, every time our integration completes its run we save the last cursor we submitted.
We can then resume scraping from this cursor.
That's what the `cursor` argument to the `records` method is for.
The very first time the integration runs this `cursor` is `None` because we have no checkpoints.

> Every integration run after that the `cursor` will be the `LogRecord.cursor` of the last `LogRecord` that we yield or return from `records`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For every subsequent integration run, the `cursor` will be set to the `LogRecord.cursor` of the last `LogRecord` yielded or returned from records.
```

Some things to consider when defining cursors:

- Use UTC time stamps!
- Only using the timestamp as a unique identifier may not be enough. We can have different records with the same timestamp.
- One popular identifier is the order of the log record in the stream. Whether this works or not depends on the API we are crawling.

### Scraping for Log Records

In our toy example we returned a list with just one record.

> In practice we will need to create list or lazy iterator over `LogRecord`s.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In practice we will need to create a list or lazy iterator over `LogRecord`s.
```

We will construct them from data that we collect from the external API, in this case the one from *ACME*.

Below are some tips and considerations when scraping external APIs:

> 1. Don't forget to use the `cursor` argument to checkpoint your progress.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Use the `cursor` argument to checkpoint your progress.
```

> 1. The Agent schedules an integration run approximately every 10-15 seconds. We can treat this as a retry mechanism, so there is no need for elaborate retry or backoff logic in integrations.

Reviewer 2: You might run into an API with a retry after time > 15 seconds and, if you retry every 15 seconds, it'll block you forever.

Reviewer 3: Yeah we should remove the second sentence entirely.

Author: done
